let's begin with Japanese bow uh II
ooh oh okay
so please look at that worksheet page
five okay
the you is ah ah pronunciation is eh ah
but when you type in the computer just
type it then ah okay start from here
each II son okay hi from here the first
row go to the light
then stop then second stroke go down tip
looks straight but they're little bit
slanted to left side okay then stop this
set stroke go down and the make a nice
curve looks like a circle then most
important three the last part you leave
this depth and pressure okay do not stop
release it
hi okay dad one more time oh it's it oh
hi hi it's me ah good hi okay let's move
to next II just I hide from here it's
very easy it's easy no it okay alright
so the first one go down but let's run
it to the light world then make sure you
hook hook then second stroke yes as if
there's a sack go inside next very happy
round it later
hi dad boichiro but before that okay
see the first stroke is longer than the
second one
please make sure hi wait 0h e hi Dan X
is good when you put us ooh
make your big circle look each D easier
hi that's nice what about 45 degrees but
it's not necessary
okay then you may like to cook a little
bit if you want it's not necessary but
first one the second one is go upward a
little bit then make a nice curve and
then go down then use mixture you
release the stress okay
here is the temperature okay
hi this is the next one gives a
it
yeah okay this is not eat it okay haha
each D so it's a tooth strokes
okay that's one go down about 45 degrees
if you want you may want to hook little
bit it's not necessary but okay that's
it I'm stroke go left side this is shot
one shot one then go down as a
diagnostic go then go back to that about
the halfway go back then go down and
light then stop okay it
joh it up each ye a high the next is oh
oh it's just type oh oh
from here each ye ye son three strokes
okay from here to the light shot one
stop the second one from here go down
then from here go up then go up a little
bit then go down make sure the wrists
step in pressure okay release then dot
the sub stroke please make sure you
place the dot here not here not here
here okay
hi Gemma it up each me done hi this is
Oh